Episode 32
The dart away bay smile
looks deep and pious
The blue sea and the deep blue sea
Carpet the offsprings YOU've mounted
so they may be nor helpful for the notion of love.
Where would I find that ring?
الذ Racist
With the wish to
complete the task
This is a proof of the Hiryu's speed.
The armor is strong.
The bone is strong.
I've never seen such a good woman.
Young man, let's talk slowly.
You know a lot.
I'm from Kanto.
I've never seen such a woman.
You're a good man.
You can smoke.
I'm Genbei from Kitsunezuka.
I'm proud of you.
I'll do my best to make you proud.
I lower my spirits when I buy a dog AMG.
initiatives...
All I played was Akimekura.
I'll be addicted as well
If you play I don't like you.
All you need is love...
buck
Well soll the gentlemen
buy me that horse
I think that selling the price is not willing
what?
What?
Do you want to buy this horse?